# Country Updates, Thoughts

Surprisingly easy to complete! One cannot deny, one underestimated the easiness of the task one'd set oneself and completed it relatively quickly despite the tightness of time. One'll need to set more competitive goals that may or may not be completeable and tune it accordingly. 

But the easiness comes at a price -- the list of cities (preprocess data) are already done before, we're just tuning it to remove the data that we want to include, and remove those we don't want to include, including fixing any bugs in naming and reference. But although we finished early, we did not continue to work on the language pack yet -- that is something too large. Though, we do notice some bugs and not necessarily fixed it; rather than saying they're bugs, it's more accurate to say that it's not the best way to implement it "like that," and there are better ways to implement them. 

| Task | Completed | Description | 
| --- | --- | --- |
| Remove unnecessary translations from bundled contents | ::yes:: | Bundled size decreased from 9MB to around 3.5MB (but unsure about disk size after bundling) |
| Cities selection | ::yes:: | Aside from copying what we had from before, one also added a finalize page to select and save the current city for future uses, which can be changed if you travel/move to another city later. | 
| Virtual Scroll | ::no:: | The default is good enough. We're not loading everything into memory, so it's trading a ~300ms load time from disk for not loading everything into memory. The only caveat is, if you have a quick eye (like gamers does), you'll visibly see the loading spinner before it gets rendered. |
| Saving to local storage | ::yes:: | As mentioned before; though, previously, we save the city as comma-separated values, and save another key for how to display it. This display changes if you change the translation. However, now, we split it into 3 keys -- country, states, and city, and no more display being saved -- it'll be fetched and rendered "on the go" | 
| Manual change button | ::no:: | One totally forgot about this, sorry... We'll come back to it when we build the settings/profile page later. | 

Overall, one should've set something more competitive that'll take more time and attention to complete. 

---

Enough with that, let's define what we want to work next week. While thinking what's the immediate action after choosing your city, referring back to TimeLeft and how other people had done it, they: 
- select language, select time, select event. 
- payment. 

We have already selected languages earlier, and which person will be assigned to speaking what, one'd decided you'll have no control for now. There _is_ a problem -- with the inclusion of dialects, and honestly speaking, not everyone knows what's the name of the dialect they're speaking (like one don't know which Hakka one's speaking), one'll need to think of a way to solve that problem, even finding data on playback how it sounds later. Plus, there are problems with cross-understanding -- which dialect can understand which, even if not 100%, at least above the tolerance of, say, 80%. People tend to pick what they speak, but they don't necessarily pick what they can understand. They may not even know _which_ ones they can understand (comprehensively) until they heard it for the first time. That is another issue. 

The time is something we want to do -- we'll pick a random date and time and may change later; something like TimeLeft does. 

Events is something exclusive to TimeLeft -- eat, drinks, exercise, whatever. For now, we'll just do the basics "conversation dinners." Based on my experience, which is not extensive and does not apply to everyone, sitting down give the other person the most attention. But it really depends: phones aren't the only distraction, cats and dogs and cute children are also a distraction, even when you sat down. On the contrary, if you're doing some activities, it heavily depends on _what_ activity you're doing and _with whom_ you're doing it with. If the main task is to use the activity as a stepping stone for conversation, your focus will be on the other person; but if one of you are extremely focused on the activity, you might not listen to what the other person is speaking. The activity also matters -- something that requires brain power, like chess, does not facilitate conversations for one cannot multitask and think on what next move one wanted to make AND how to reply to you at the same time. On the other hand, non-exhaustive (i.e. not panting heavily) hiking allows your mind to roam (if you have no phones AND no internet at the same time) and ultimately focus your attention on the person beside you. 

But we do not want to fixate which "event" for people to do. The goal is to get them to meet each other; and they can choose where they want to go thereafter. If they want to walk along the river or hike a mountain, meeting at the foot of the hill or at the starting point of a riverside track, they're welcome to do so. Just make sure that both are aware that they're going to meet in public where one cannot kidnap the other with warnings. Ultimately, the app is NOT a nanny that spoonfeed the users, whom themselves are adults. The adults should be responsible for their actions and be wary of what risks they're taking. 

So the warning messages will come later. For now, we still have one problem to discuss: payment. 

Unfortunately, one can't do payment yet, particularly because my country don't support receiving money by Stripe and/or PayPal. One still have to find some way to programmatically receive money. My bank on a personal account requires a $500 setup fee, and is restricted to receiving money locally only if one's to setup a landing page for payment. If one's to promote this app globally, one'll have to find other tricks to get it done. The idea is to get it on a personal account first, and then move on to open an overseas LLC where Stripe is supported (like in EU or UK or somewhere) _after_ one gain "proof of payment." (proof that people want to subscribe to my service). The easiest one can do now is one without borders -- cryptocurrency -- but one only had experience with NEAR Protocol, which isn't a popular chain and not everyone have NEAR, so one's thinking, should one learn how to setup Solana smart contract? Or BNB smart contract? Hmm... And which ones have more genuine users than "traders"? All these are difficult to decide. 

So, the goal is to bypass payment for now and make the service free. It can easily be re-setup later by rerouting traffic. The original goal is: 

> User submit a request → Taken to payment page → Confirm payment complete → Stripe send a request to my server with the user's body → register them for the meeting. 

That does means that they need to route the request via Stripe. One never worked with Stripe so one don't know if that works or not; but that could certainly work with blockchain. 

Another way to do it is: 

> User submit a request → Taken to payment page → Confirm payment → Taken back to the "submit a request page" after payment → User either click a button or javascript automatically submit for user to my server → Server receive requests, asks Stripe if the user id had been registered (with some reference number that the user might have received along with Stripe) → Server checks that user is not a hacker reusing a reference number if that's what they're trying to hack through → Confirm user is legit and paid, then register them for the meeting. 

Still another way to do it is 

> User not allowed to submit a request → Take them to the "subscribe" page → User subscribe by paying a fixed amount which they can reuse → Stripe landing page and take back to our page → user taken back to submit a request page (which they either reclick submit or javascript help auto-submit) → Server verify they had credits (how does Stripe send a request to tell me how much credit the user had topped-up? One don't know how this works yet) → Deduct from credits → Done. 

For this, one could do, like TimeLeft, per-month, to earn more money; but it makes more sense from the user's point of view to "pay for what you need only," which means, credit-based. It's just like renting a GPU or compute instance -- you may some money, the credit stays in there even after a few years (like one'd bought some credits with Datacrunch.io in 2021 but haven't used it up yet -- the company later renamed to Verda and one _still_ haven't used it up yet -- but the credit is still there). That was what one like about credit -- monthly payment expires, but credit is long-lived, which makes me more happy and one believe will make my users more happy. 

Credits also means that one needs to have a way to "recalculate from scratch" if data corruption or hackers ever modify the value, though. The one-time-payment don't need this because they're only valid for one-time payment; but credits database need to be "protected with nuclear-bunker-level security" for tamper-protection. 

All the above scenarios are happy path which assumes user didn't cancel submission. Checks will have to be in place otherwise. 

So we'll simplify it to: 

> User submit a request → Server receive request → Put user in database. 

Easy enough, no payment for now. 

So let's conclude: 
- Finish up the frontend by setting up picking a time. 
- The ability to submit a request to my backend. 
- Start working on the backend to accept the request and register it in a database. 
- If it's done "every weekend" (like The Weekend Club), freeze submission every Friday UTC+0. If it's available some random days (like Timeleft), freeze submission for that time, 48 hours before. 
- Define the database structure how to save the data, what data needed for submission (language, country, time, user id, what else). 
- **If we have time:** Do we need a separate program to "pair" these people together? How are we going to write the code? (This will be BIG and won't complete in a week, but we can plan it out first and execute however much we can do). 

Hopefully that's enough for us to do for next week. Still, focus, focus, don't go and do anything unrelated to meeting first like translation packages, settings, profiles, app language, export/import of data when swapping phones, and all these 'distractions' (as of now). They can always be added in later. 

And we'll still need time to think of the payment, who is one going to find help to receive money temporarily, and if one's allowing blockchain payments, which chain should one be using with more user base (more easily bought crypto and low transaction fee). 

---

## The Time Is Nigh
There's a news [one saw on Instagram](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2026-06-25/friendship-startups-for-loneliness-have-a-business-model-problem) about Startup opportunity for friendship -- actually, for loneliness -- gaining traction in the USA. It just signals how urgent we need to get this done. 

Unfortunately, due to the stupid business model of the website with no way to hack through it, one can't read the article and got really angry being constantly bombarded by some big panels that ask me to sign in, popup here and there, whatever. In fact, [Website Carbon](https://www.websitecarbon.com/badge/) had calculated that the page produce 1.01g of $CO_2$, an F rating, for every visit. For your knowledge, the site you're visiting now produce less than 0.01g of $CO_2$ per visit, with an A+ rating, cleaner than 99% of all web pages globally; while Bloomberg is 89% dirtier than all web pages globally, with the global average around E, or 0.36g of $CO_2$ per visit. 

But anyways, one saw that they ask people to pay hundreds to thousands of dollars for bootcamps? Come on, what the heck -- it's a profit opportunity, but it's not an exploit for them to do it like that, even if people are desperate. Second, they, or rather, most, if not all of us, don't really know how to implement it properly -- we're all still in the experimenting stage on how to "solve this problem," preferably once and for all, unlike the Food and Drug industry where Drug companies can put a board of director in FDA to neutralize any threat to their profit models while continue advertising that fast food are legal to consume. 

Unfortunately, just because something is legal doesn't mean they're right. And just because one's planning to do something illegal (in the eyes of law) doesn't mean they're wrong. 

We'll see how that goes. 